chaplains air different. One key reason of the differences are confidentiality.
If you speak to a doctor, which is important, or social worker
or human resource is, or even those hired by fleet and family,
um, you don't have that confidentiality. And so the commanding officer
understands this and employs this. It's a federal mandate that when
an individual comes and speaks to us, it's not my confidence. It's
the person who's speaking me confidence, so I don't have the permission
to share that. And I think that's important because it gives that
one person that individual can really share literally anything in
their life, whether it's a crime committed, whether it's a crime,
that they're thinking about committed or something horrible in their
life, that they don't want to get out. And so I think that's the one
thing that a chaplain offers. Besides the spiritual aspect of the
conversation that nobody else can have in the military